good day to everyone and welcome to the
first edition of majestic animals I'd
like to introduce you all to a
spectacular species which goes by the
name of Jamie if you look closely you'll
catch a glimpse of him in his natural
habitat duties elongated legs and neck
this majestic creature is commonly
mistaken for a small giraffe by many but
he's in fact a wonderful creo
Jamie enjoys the simple things in life
with the most important thing being food
here he grazes on a plentiful food
supply see how he gently peels back the
layers and enjoys every last morsel of
each meal
jamie has a gentle soul but by no means
is he for the faint-hearted with top
speed of 45 miles per hour the greyhound
is the fastest dog on the planet
he uses his speed to his advantage when
ambushing his favorite Teddy's to play
with running back and forth you can see
the happiness bursting out of him
after a hard day Jamie can be found at
the local watering hole even here he is
always keeping an eye out for something
that may interest him the sheer elegance
of the greyhound is captured
magnificently when Jamie runs watch as
he strides delicately and at such pace
sheer beauty the magnificent jamie is a
one-of-a-kind a wonderful animal that
has to be seen to be truly admired he is
looking for a change of habitat could
you have the right environment for Jamie
thank you for watching tune in next time
for more majestic animals